[Music]
welcome aboard the Navarrete o-73 from
absolute yachts a three deck gr and
she's packed full of Italian styling
from this generous take bathing platform
there's access to the crew quarters with
room for two crew and from there the
crew can acces the engine room where
there are a twin Volvo IPS 1,350 plus
pair diesels absolute say that the idea
of this saloon is that it's welcoming so
you've got these huge windows for lovely
views out onto the sea
you've got calhr taupe teak the idea is
it's not varnished but a very soft feel
and there are curves everywhere this is
the heart of the ship the navigation
area and there are four big navigation
screens and of course there's excellent
visibility with this curved windscreen
now quite unusually for a boat of this
size absolute have put the owner's cabin
in the front of the boat and what this
gives you is some beautiful views out of
each side of the bow and there's a full
ensuite ahead of that there are three
other cabins on this boat including a
full width VIP stateroom and midships in
front of that there are two other guest
cabins but it's really up here that the
magic of this boat happens at the front
you have a repeat helm station with two
large screens you have this nice
entertaining bar on the portside and a
big sociable area on starboard and
beyond that this huge area behind can be
used for all sorts of customized
furniture absolute claim that this
flybridge area is one of the largest on
a boat of this size so if you're looking
for a beautifully crafted boat one
that's very easy to move around and has
a welcoming feel with an unusual forward
cabin well this is it
the Navarrete o-73 from absolute yachts